the st. Francis universities students
activity organization is the primary
event coordinating group on campus it
gives every student on campus the
opportunity to actively engage in the
planning coordinating and execution of
events for students on campus there's
always something to do here every
weekend a fraternity or sorority is
doing something we have the Midnight
Madness a crazy scavenger hunt that we
see here you're talking about but living
in a rural area that has very limited
resources but we make the most of it at
st. Francis the students are responsible
for choosing and planning the events
they want to bring to campus and the SAO
is the vehicle which they can do so
students have full reign of what
activities are brought to campus Saint
Francis's Student Government Association
gives ample funding to the SAO to bring
quality entertainment to campus
throughout the entire school year there
are various committees within the SAO
the live entertainment committee
organizes all entertainment on campus
everything from bands and comedians to
hypnotists and magicians one weekend
last year we had a comedian come in and
he was actually featured on Comedy
Central so really big people coming to
us and through the help of our SGA
Student Government Association and our
Student Activities organization really
making that happen I found that place
like this that make that Israel may not
seem to the naked eye of having a lot
going on doesn't take long to realize
that the college experience is not
something that comes to you you have to
go and get it the travel and Recreation
Committee organizes off-campus
educational and social trips many times
throughout the year the trips range from
weekly Walmart trips to our annual day
trip to New York City will take students
into Pittsburgh for concerts or for
sporting events or leaving local iandale
tune in johnstown shopping centers it's
not just a walk across the street so
Walmart to get something that a student
might need so they've always been
supportive of providing that kind of
patient the Special Events Committee
coordinates on campus events such as
bingo laser tag game shows and much more
we provide basically the majority of the
events that are here on campus such as
dances comedians live music events any
special events a lot of my job allows me
to work with students to help them
identify opportunities in leadership
development since we do provide
everything basically that there is to do
on campus every student I think on
campus is impacted by organization
homecoming is a week-long celebration of
the start of the fall semester the
homecoming committee organizes all
activities for the week including
tailgating field decorations the parade
topped off with our extravagant formal
dance one of the great things about
being a student on st. Francis
University campus is that if you have an
idea for a new club that isn't here on
campus all you need to do is grab a
group of students that are excited about
the idea just as you r and s Sheila
actually funded say you weren't
dissatisfied with what was going on
you're the opportunity to change
can join different organizations like
our Student Activities organization and
say you know I want to help set up you
know certain activities I want to bring
a certain band here the dance committee
plans and coordinates dances that are
held in our JFK student center a few
times each month they put stuff in the
Student Senate to do and I would just go
to those things like we have our
homecoming dances and spring fest and
then we have a lot of sports activities
there's always something going on so I
can't say that however be warned Spring
Fest is another sfu tradition that ends
each school year with a bang the spring
fest committee coordinates all events
for this weekend the theme of the
weekend varies from year to year but it
always is a weekend-long blowout that
features our own campus carnival we have
the first Catholic College in the nation
to have residential fraternity system
and also national fraternity on campus
so the Franciscans at the time thought
it was very unique and very important to
bring that mission of fraternal living
because of its values coincided with
Franciscan values as well Greek life is
supposed to be the spirit of the school
the leaders in school and I feel that
really have kind of stepped up to the
plate and done that over the past couple
of years just to kinda get the school
spirit school morale boost it again and
obviously do good days as well I think
that Greek life on campus is really
important in terms of leadership
development and
really being a part of an organization
and one of the one of the interesting
things when you come here is that
there's all these groups that you can
choose from and seeing where you fit
best and then deciding on a fraternity
the flash-flood committee is our
athletic teams number one fan providing
spirit contests giveaways t-shirt sales
among other fan favorites we created an
initiative flash flood that was kind of
a big deal to get the students really
engaged with what was going on athletic
aliso it's really a way to kind of bring
the non-athletic student population in
alignment with the student athletes on
campus and really have this sense of
synergy don't lon we do a lot of
initiatives in order to improve the
lifestyle of student athletes as well as
the larger student body some of the
things that we've done over the past
couple years is we implemented
nutritional cards at tor vian with all
and there's no information of the food
that's being served we have painted the
Stokes athletic building we have
extended library hours during finals to
make that more open to the student body
and we do a lot of community service
activities for the broader community
winter weekend has become an sfu
tradition giving the students a chance
to break from their studies and engulfed
in a themed weekend of exciting
activities the winter wonderland
committee organizes special events such
as casino night we also have live
performances a semi-formal dance and
much more for this weekend as students
we're naturally innovative we're trying
to think of new ideas we don't just
settle and
what's our even done we try to think how
can we do it differently and the school
really does encourage them a sense that
we can accomplish goals together will
truly make us a much better campus and
the morale will be will be much much
better on at the university